alter table fix varchar length info being dropped (#12510)
crate/crate: docs/appendices/release-notes/unreleased.rst

- Fixed an issue with client caching which lead to authentication error when
  creating a subscription with bad credentials and ``pg_tunnel`` followed by
  re-creating it second time with the same name and valid credentials.

> - Fixed an issue with VARCHAR primary key columns losing length property after

Author: BIT type is also affected by this issue but I haven't mentioned in changes as it's not reported

Reviewer: Please add it anyway - if we know it fixes it we can mention it.

Author: added entry and also covered it with a test in https://github.com/crate/crate/pull/12510/commits/8ffc5a31ba7b409023481015e96f4ac065ef3fd7

  creating a subscription with bad credentials and ``pg_tunnel`` followed by
  re-creating it second time with the same name and valid credentials.

> - Fixed an issue with ``VARCHAR`` and ``BIT`` columns with specified length
>   used in primary key, generated or default column expression which led to lose
>   of the length property after triggering ``ALTER TABLE``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue with ``VARCHAR`` and ``BIT`` columns with a length
  limited used in primary key, generated or default column
  expression. A ``ALTER TABLE`` statement  removed the length limit
  from such columns.
```

not sure about this - but the "which led to lose of the length property" sounds somehow wrong
